PAC-MAN: SANDY SHORES - GUIDE

Characters:
Pac-Man:
The main character of the game. Generally travels 
around the map/maze running from enemies.

Fish:
Replaces the ghosts in the original version of 
Pac-Man. They are the enemies that Pac-Man is 
running from. There are four that exist 
simultaneously, each a different colour. They 
will be pink, blue, green and yellow. 

The Maze:
The maze is beach themed, and will be bordered 
by ocean. Throughout the map, seashells, and 
occasionally starfish, will be dispersed for 
points. The fish will also be contained within 
the maze. There will be access to leave and 
re-enter the maze through the horizontal sides. 
For example, leaving through the left will mean 
re-entering through the right and vice versa. 

Lives:
When the game starts, Pac-Man will have 3 lives. 
Everytime a fish catches Pac-Man in his regular 
non-powerup state(more in the Powerup section), 
Pac-Man will lose one life. 

Powerups:
In this spin-off of Pac-Man, the powerups will 
come in the form of starfish. Each colour of 
starfish will be valued differently score-wise. 
Once collected, Pac-Man will be granted 1.5x 
speed and the ability to eat the Fish for a total 
of ten seconds. Once the time runs out, all 
enhancements will be removed. Once the time of 
the powerup runs out, the fish that were eaten 
by Pac-Man will all respawn in the center of the map. 

Scoring System:
Seashells:
Each seashell will be worth a randomly assigned value 
between 5 and 50 points.

Starfish:
The yellow and green starfish will be the most common 
and will be worth 100 points. 
The blue starfish will be worth 150 points.
The pink starfish will be the most rare, and will be 
worth 200 points. 

Fish(only applicable if powerup is in use):
The first fish will be worth 200, and every fish 
eaten after will double in value. (The second will be 
400, the third will be 800, the fourth will be 1600)
They reset each time a powerup is collected to 
restart at a value of 200 points.

Extra Life:
Everytime 10 000 points have been collected, the user 
will gain an extra life. 